Let's go forward to work now. 
1. On the top (Hero section) you can see a navigation bar. Initially each button redirect to the Home page. Move them to the navigation bar.
2. Make a page for each of them (services, about, contact) with necessary details, In this case I assume you know which topic should include there. These pages should open by one click on these buttons.
3. on the get started button on the hero section there will be a page which will prompted to the user to become a service man (keep necessary thinks to convince user). And on this page there will be a button named "Become a service man". This page will open a detailed form to register an user as service man. This form must have all the necessary things for this (I assumed you know well). After submit these information must be stored on local server ,I already make a database. But yet haven't make the table. I will make the table after watch what you include in the table.
4. In the hero section, at right I tried to include a picture, but somehow it is failed. Just fix this issue. It is optional. Don't be panicked.
5. At the footer section , There is a Follow us part and there is some button like discover, become a tasker(redirect to the same page as get started), services by cities ( make about 50-60 dummy location(district) of Bangladesh, though it is in development, it will be filled by real data when it is in use), similarly to others.
6. And there is a company part, I have a little Idea of these. But similarly make individual page for each button with necessary details.
7. At he contact us part, though we don't have any professional ID for Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, I prefer there also make a page for each of them with a message like , soon there will be a FB or Twitter page .
8. On the hero section there is part Popular services. There is some main category name. It will be better If these redirect by on click to the corresponding category and open their subcategories like it do for main category on the home page.